label	text
ham	For fear of fainting with the of all that housework you just did? Quick have a cuppa
ham	Yup... Ok i go home look at the timings then i msg ü again... Xuhui going to learn on 2nd may too but her lesson is at 8am
ham	Oops, I'll let you know when my roommate's done
spam	Dear Voucher Holder, To claim this weeks offer, at you PC please go to http://www.e-tlp.co.uk/reward. Ts&Cs apply.
ham	Hello! How's you and how did saturday go? I was just texting to see if you'd decided to do anything tomo. Not that i'm trying to invite myself or anything!
ham	Pls go ahead with watts. I just wanted to be sure. Do have a great weekend. Abiola
ham	Did I forget to tell you ? I want you , I need you, I crave you ... But most of all ... I love you my sweet Arabian steed ... Mmmmmm ... Yummy
ham	Mmm thats better now i got a roast down me! i’d b better if i had a few drinks down me 2! Good indian?
ham	How much u trying to get?
ham	Come around  &lt;DECIMAL&gt; pm vikky..i'm otside nw, il come by tht time
spam	07732584351 - Rodger Burns - MSG = We tried to call you re your reply to our sms for a free nokia mobile + free camcorder. Please call now 08000930705 for delivery tomorrow
ham	Great! I hope you like your man well endowed. I am  &lt;#&gt;  inches...
ham	Okay lor... Wah... like that def they wont let us go... Haha... What did they say in the terms and conditions?
ham	Haha... Yup hopefully  we will lose a few kg by mon. after hip hop can go orchard and weigh again
ham	I feel like a dick because I keep sleeping through your texts and facebook messages. Sup, you in town?
ham	No plm i will come da. On the way.
ham	She's good. How are you. Where r u working now
ham	Oh, yes, I've just been a little under the weather so i've kind of been coccooning at home
ham	Sorry my roommates took forever, it ok if I come by now?
ham	Good afternoon, my love. How goes your day ? What are you up to ? I woke early and am online waiting for you ... Hmmm ... Italian boy is online I see . *grins*
spam	Free entry in 2 a wkly comp to win FA Cup final tkts 21st May 2005. Text FA to 87121 to receive entry question(std txt rate)T&C's apply 08452810075over18's
spam	Sex up ur mobile with a FREE sexy pic of Jordan! Just text BABE to 88600. Then every wk get a sexy celeb! PocketBabe.co.uk 4 more pics. 16 £3/wk 087016248
ham	So ü'll be submitting da project tmr rite?
ham	I forgot 2 ask ü all smth.. There's a card on da present lei... How? Ü all want 2 write smth or sign on it?
ham	By march ending, i should be ready. But will call you for sure. The problem is that my capital never complete. How far with you. How's work and the ladies